Seeing the loss of ancestors, Myanmar does not kneel
Zhang Shoucheng
If you want to die, you have to leave our in-law Mr. Zhang
My Zhongwan Master's ability is the same
You'd better get on your knees
Since Master does not kneel, it is a great disrespect
Grandfather will inevitably convict
You kid is dead
Humph, my cultivation base is 326.8 million years
Even if your ancestor Zhenyuan Daxian comes to me
Kneel down to me
Salute to a junior
I'm afraid he can't afford the cause and effect
presumptuous
Dare to slander Zhenyuan Daxian
Watch me approve, you little cannon
Just a mortal who has just entered the practice
No need to argue with him
Let's get ready for the Ascension Conference
You know the master, the master is this kid
Not only did they collect the cheap tomb
Repaying the crime to the disciples of the Mongol gentleman
Brought him here specifically to accept your punishment
What actually took the cheap tomb?
And the cultivation base must be extraordinary
Boy, since you have this cultivation base
Seeing my master, he didn't kneel and salute
I said if I lose
I'm afraid your juniors
No one bears the cause and effect
My master has a hundred years of cultivation
How can I not stand you mortal bow
If I bow down
three of you
Must die from more than 93,600 thunderbolts
Are you sure you want to worship
Little friend, the old way can afford you.
Don't make excuses
Then I'll say goodbye.
I wish Master Xuanyang immortal blessings forever
Daosheng Immortal